Reorganize and revise documentation (#47)
mitre-attack/attack-data-model: docusaurus/docs/contributing/index.mdx

## Topics

<DocCardList />

## How to Contribute

We don't have a formal process or Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for accepting changes. However, there are several ways you can contribute:

1. **Open Issues**: If you encounter bugs or have feature requests, please open an issue using the templates provided below.
2. **Submit Pull Requests**: Feel free to fork the repository, make changes, and submit a pull request. We will review your changes as necessary.

## Pull Request Guidelines

When submitting a pull request:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch from `main`.
2. Ensure your code adheres to the existing style of the project to maintain consistency.
3. Include comments in your code where necessary.
4. Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, if applicable.
5. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).
6. Include a description of your changes and why they're necessary.

## Developer Workflow

> To maintain code quality and consistency, we use **ESLint**, **Prettier**, and **Husky** as part of the development workflow. These tools are installed and configured by the [Developer Setup](#developer-setup) steps above. Below is an overview of how each tool is configured and how it affects the contribution process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain code quality and consistency, we use **ESLint**, **Prettier**, and **Husky** as part of the development workflow. These tools are installed and configured by the [Developer Setup](https://mitre-attack.github.io/attack-data-model/docs/contributing/dev-setup) steps. Below is an overview of how each tool is configured and how it affects the contribution process:
```

This is the right link now, but it talks about **ESLint**, **Prettier**, and **Husky** here - but not on the page linked.
